Johnson & Dunn Construction LLC Privacy Policy

This privacy policy will help you understand how Johnson & Dunn Construction LLC uses and protects the data you provide to us when you visit and use our site at [url].
We reserve the right to change this policy at any given time, of which you will be promptly updated. If you want to make sure that you are up to date with the latest changes, we advise you to frequently visit this page.


What User Data We Collect
When you visit this website, we may collect the following data:
Your IP Address
Any contact information provided to us via the Contact Us form

Why We Collect Your Data
We are collecting your data for the below reasons:
We collect your IP address via our service with [web host here] and any of their compliances.
We collect your email and any personal information shared via the Contact Us form so that we can promptly reach back out to our customers in regards to their enquiries.

Safeguarding and Securing the Data
Johnson & Dunn Construction LLC is committed to securing your data and keeping it confidential. Johnson & Dunn Construction LLC has done all in its power to prevent data theft, unauthorized access, and disclosure by implementing the latest technologies and software which help us safeguard all the information we collect online.

Cookie Policy -- TBD

Links to Other Websites -- TBD, possibly if their contractors have anything?

Restricting the Collection of your Personal Policy
At some point, you might wish to restrict the use and collection of your personal data. You can achieve this by doing the following:
When you are filling out our Contact Us form on the website, make sure to check if there is a box which you can leave unchecked, if you do not wish to disclose your personal information.
If you have already agreed to share your information with us, feel free to contact us via email and we will be more than happy to change this for you.

Johnson & Dunn Construction LLC will not lease, sell or distribute your personal information to any third parties, unless we have your permission. We may do so if the law forces us. Your personal information will be used when we need to contact you via any of your enquiries or if we wish to contact you for a promotional material if you agree to this privacy policy.
